
枪加到图片的描述中去;
blog加图片; feed back from customers;


2015 new laser sight with LED flashlight
Red dot Laser sight with 200 Lumen Tactical Flashlight
green laser sight dot laser scope with rail barrel mount
 Green Dot Laser Sight Scope Rail Barrel Mount 
 Red Laser Dot Sight Scope 
 mini laser sight
  Laser Light Red Dot Sight 

 with Mounts  安装轨道
 Rail Barrel Mount -- 铁轨 圆筒 底座
 Barrel Mount  圆筒型轨道
 Rail Mount  轨道安装
 rails 轨道
 Tactical 战术的
Compact  紧凑
battery installation: battery positive outward  正极向外
all configuration(without batteries ) 电池不含
switch  开关
Pressure Switch 压力开关/鼠尾开关
Remote Pressure Switch 开关
20mm rails can be freely combined -- 轨道尺寸
rails adjusted 调整轨道
adjusted up and down 上下调节



532nm 20mw Green Beam Laser Sight  


Features:
This durable all metal  laser sight comes with tools to adjust windage and elevation to suit  your needs. 
The unit also includes an interchangeable switch which  allows the user to press the unit to turn on or to use an attached  remote to turn on the scope. 
Prop up the scope using only a 20mm  weaver mount or an 8 shaped 1" barrel mount.
-- 8字形夹子


Features:
This durable all metal  laser sight comes with tools to adjust windage and elevation to suit  your needs. The unit also includes an interchangeable switch which  allows the user to press the unit to turn on or to use an attached  remote to turn on the scope. Prop up the scope using only a 20mm  weaver mount or an 8 shaped 1" barrel mount.
-- 圆筒轨道 20mm

How to Operate:
Fix the laser sight to a weapon.
Adjust the elevation and windage by twisting two small screws in the  head with the hex wrench. Turn them until the main laser overlaps  with the scattered points.
Press the button to turn on the laser.
To change the battery, unscrew and open the back cover, then replace  the battery.


Powerful and long range beam with pinpoint accuracy Precise and wide range windage/elevation adjustments Hard anodized finish for wear resistance Excellent water resistance
-- 强大的远程束精确度精确




Features:
1.Green Laser sight w/pressure switch and "8"type 25.4X25.4mm
2.Windage and elevation adjustment
3.High grade alumium construction
4.Includes remote pressure switch and cord
5.Sharp image laser point
6.Compact size
7.Wavelength: 532m
8.Special mount: "8"type mount
9.Operated by 1 x 16340 Li-ion Recharged Battery (Not Include)

Specifications:
Length：120mm
Wavelength：532nm
Height： 36mm
Wattage： 20mw
Weight： 144g
Reaching distance：300m
battery： CR123A/16340
Voltage： 3V

Package includes
1. Green Laser sight
2. Metal 20mm Rails Mount
3. Switch button
4. Pressure Pad Switch and "8"type mount
5.Two Allen Wrench



---------------------------------------------------------------
New Laser Sight with LED Flashlight

New Green lasersight scope sale off
Green dot laser scope  Free shipping!


http://www.civillaser.com/lasersight-scope-c-91_94.html
www.CivilLaser.com